Is this for real?What is this thing that I feel?I'm so confusedControl I loseI'm beeing abused Save me from myself Upon the psycho's path [4x] Some say sane is insaneIt may damage your brainI say nothingness reign Am I myself?If not I'm me, who am I?Behold, I changeBefore your eyesI'm changing shape Save me from myself Upon the psycho's path [4x] Some say nothingness reignIt may damage your brainI say sane is insane Did you hear the voice that whispered?As I elbowed through the crowdThat's my disembodied spiritEven silence is too loud, loud, loud, loudI realize I'm stuck on psycho's path
You get me looseI want ya, that's all I doYou leave me looseI want ya, that's all I doMake love to me right nowLove me till I'm downYou make me grooveI want ya, that's all I doYou let me grooveI want ya, that's all I doMake love to me right nowLove me till I'm downWho are you?Your magic is strange and newWho are you?I want ya, that's all I doMake love to me right nowLove me till I'm downMake love to me right nowLove me till I'm down
[music and lyrics: Wead] The fallen and graceless, the twisted and oddOutcasts from heaven, abandoned by God Wakeless in daylight, evoked by the nightWhen sneaking in shadows, they're well out of sight Wayward angelsBurned by light, blessed by nightNocturnal seed, unholy breedBurned by light, blessed by nightNocturnal seed, unholy breed Creeping and crawling, the shapeless and vagueWhat's unseen by mankind still feared like the plagueTheir spirits are strong and your flesh is so weakWho dares to get close when their find is their keep Wayward angelsBurned by light, blessed by nightNocturnal seed, unholy breedBurned by light, blessed by nightNocturnal seed, unholy breed Keep all of your lights lit when hundled in fearThe ancient and timeless, abstracted still near If silence at twillight might lead you astrayWhen fooled by it's stillness you won't get away Wayward angelsBurned by light, blessed by nightNocturnal seed, unholy breedBurned by light, blessed by nightNocturnal seed, unholy breed
[Instrumental]
Crown of thorns [8x] You don't know what you've doneYou're heartlessLike a serpent with virtuous eyesYou're a crawling lieJust a fool's disguise Crown of thorns [2x] Perpetuate your lies todayTo make my dignity decayLike a G-point of your hateI am the scapegoat you create Crown of thronsI'll never wear yourCrown of thorns I don't care what you''ve doneYour spinelessWords so blameful areShameless falseTell me what are you whenYour conscience calls? Crown of thorns [2x] You don't know where I have beenAnd you will see what I have seenYou can't feel what I have feltAnd you can't go where I have dwelt Crown of thornsI'll never wear youCrown of thorns
Light, light fades to greyTime, time slips awayTime slips away EndlesslyGraced by the veils of my mindEndlesslyEndlesslyGraced by the veils of my mindEndlessly Life, life found a wayDreams, they came to stayThey came to stay EndlesslyGraced by the veils of my mindEndlesslyEndlesslyGraced by the veils of my mindEndlessly Free, free from my painFlee, flee the mundaneTear the mundane EndlesslyGraced by the veils of my mindEndlesslyEndlesslyGraced by the veils of my mindEndlesslyEndlesslyGraced by the veils of my mindEndlesslyEndlesslyGraced by the veils of my mindEndlessly
Trapped in the dawnAnd the air is bitter coldThe clouds don't feel the sun, behold. Fear of GodAnd the angels sing no moreA dying will submitWith hope. They learn the truthUnholy tears won't save their breedForever damned, let the sinners flee. Fallen from graceThe evil in your heartHad made you face the... unfold. Infedels, enchanted from aboveJust send you straight to hell, foretold. As the shadows pass the moonUnholy tears won't save your breedForever damned, say your prayers in plea
[Instrumental]
Damn of darkness' unbroken beamsBlinds their eyes and steals their dreamsTorch -lit figures against the blackNuns berzek the way thay've planned the attack Close your eyes so you can seeHeathendom, only sinners bleed, HeathemdomBrace your selves, embrace your senseHeathendom, be no infidels, HeathendomShield your ears so you can hearHeathemdom, Armageddon't near, HeathendomHeathendom They are many but they are weakWe are few but we are strongHeathendom Dark deceivers by lightnings struckSpineless creatures runs amockOdin's punishment when betrayedI can see in darkness, I'm not afraid Close your eyes so you can seeHeathendom, only sinners bleed, HeathendomBrace your selves, embrace your senseHeathendom, be no infidels, HeathendomShield your ears so you can hearHeathemdom, armageddon't near, Heathendom My kinsemen were no sinners untilThey began to follow someone elses willWho are those who knows what is best for meEvangels or angels, spreading their gospelFrom Heaven sent by the king of kingsTo save us from ourselves and mortal sinsGod knows forgiveness, it's human to failIn life, death and other morbid talesTales of wonders and walks upon waterNothing but sorrow is what they've brought hereWeather with or against the new MessiahFoes shall be cleansed in the lake of fire Grant me strength to carry it's weightA pagan's yoke of bondageInherited faith in unison with hateHear my heathen prayer If magic mist shall vanish it mustBe over my dead bodyFaithful breath, the breath that I breatheMust go on from father to son, I'll bequeathBequeath, bequeath Heathendom, HeathendomHeathendom, Heathendom...
Lost and lonely, fed on fearsSilent crying, 'cause no one hearsI'm abandoned, I lost my faithA bitter taste of my tears I am lost, forever lostCan't you heal me? I am burning, I can not hideI am nothing, I lost my prideStumbling further on the pathWhere my last hope slowly died I am lost, forever lostCan't you heal me? I have struggled far too longNow I'm weaker, I'm not so strongGive me guidance, give me strengthTake my hand 'cause we belong Am I lost, forever lost?You can heal meI have struggled too longYou can heal meI am nothing but lostYou can heal meI have struggled too longYou can heal meI am nothing byt lostYou can heal me
[music: Wead, Marcolin, lyrics: Marcolin] My father was undergoing surgeryHis heart had failed him so terriblyThe operation was very dangerousI felt so helpless I thought of God I prayed my father would not dieI prayed that he would be just fineI prayed to God to see him throughI prayed and I believed in You When I was stuck by harsh realityIt opened up my eyes so I could seeWhile I was sitting there in the waiting roomThere was only one thing I could do I prayed my father would not dieI prayed that he would be just fineI prayed to God to see him throughI prayed and I believed in You Please God, forgive my sinsPlease let my father livePlease God, hear my prayers I prayed and he did not dieI prayed and now he is just fineI prayed and God saw him throughI prayed and I believe in You
A rainy morning, another dayThe shadows dancing their weird balletTheir waltz surrounds me, they're closing inMy thoughts are drifting, delivering Another morbid tune Their fast cadenza bewitches meMy world is fading, how can this be?I hear myself, it's a strange ordealThe tune I play, what can it conceal? Another morbid tune Sweetly whispering it takes controlOf my body and my soulTrying so hard to entice my mindTo leave my sanity behindDrifting deeper in to depths unknownI work my fingers to the boneI try to play with passion, grace and styleTo hit the note that I'm beguile The veils of concience will gade to greyEnchanting notes, they lead me astrayThe room is spinning, it's turning fastThe demons of my mind, free at last Another morbid tune
[instrumental]
Little Anne was not an angelShe was not even closeSpread her legs for any strangerLittle anne didn't care for much. Little Anne was not a nice girlDid it al for a thrillJust think she'll go all the wayLittle Anne had no back up trade(I'm not a bad girl). Deep in her mind a vision of fortuneBut sin after sin, won't bring her to heavenShe closes her eyes; don't think of tomorrowThe life she despise; the tension just follows. Little Anne's not an angelShe's lost, forever goneTook the path of least resistanceLittle Anne was a decrepit Little Anne's not among usShe went to meet her saviourNo heavenly feast awaits herLittle Anne had no behavior. Will she ever guess the way?She's to be free; oh Little Anne.Little Anne's not freezingThough the season is turning colderNo more will she freeze again Little Anne won't get any older.Little Anne's not in heavenShe will never be blessedSlit her wrists left it all behind herLittle Anne couldn't carry on.
I've stood in time, wind and rainI had no feelings or nameBut I can see, I can hearThe voice of death is shouting in my ear. Making war, making loveYou know what I'm thinking ofHow many times the traps are setOu can't remember and I can't forget. Can you see me now?Can you feel the pain?Can you heal the scars on me? Light within my heartHope within my soul, is dying. I bid farewell to words of mythWhen cries of anger sound againMy tears of shame cut like a knifeHow can I justify this life? My mind is searching for reasons whyA time to live, of dieIf we had now, what we had thenLost horizons might return again. Lost horizons.
Lost tales of pain and sorrowObscured by timeUnseen the tearshed followRhyme after rhyme Tales of miseryWords of miseryLost for evermoreLost in nevermore Lost words by sad and hollowedVoices declineUntold but still enticingThoughts to entwine Tales of miseryWords of miseryLost for evermoreLost forever Somewhere in blackened eonsMemories will strayUnheard in timeless silenceShrouded they'll stay Tales of miseryWords of miseryLost for evermoreLost in nevermoreTales of miseryWords of misery
[music and lyrics: Marcolin] Living your life in such a rushYou have so much to do, time is not enoughNever a thought about that dayWhen you'll be dead and gone and passed away Memento mori, remember deathMemento mori, your final breathLife is not forever, never forgetMemento mori, eternal rest You feel afraid to face the endIt's much easier to just pretendThat you will live forever moreBut no one does and that's for sure Working so hard to reach your dreamsFeeling invinsible or so it seemsYou keep on bying things you needNo need for anything to rest in peace Memento mori, remember deathMemento mori, your final breathLife is not forever, never forgetMemento mori, eternal rest The day you die it's all too lateNo second chance to change your fateEnjoy the time while you're aliveOr you will find life passed you by
Look in my eyes, tell me what you seeA glimpse of life's miseryLeft in the dark like a little boyNo more mom and dad's pride and joy Don't let me live in solitudeDon't let me die in solitude Listen to me as I sing my songTell me what I have done wrongLeft in the sandpit, a broken toyNo more anyone's pride and joy Don't let me live in solitudeDon't let me die in solitude Wayward and cold, there's no place for meNo one to grant me, my pleaLeft in despair, I'm a little boyNo more will I feel pride or joy Don't let me live in solitudeDon't let me die in solitudeYou let me live in solitudeYou let me die in solitude
In your dreamsThe sights they submitThese shadows will constantly glow. Deeper you fallInto the pitWhere madness will constantly flow. Twisting your mindA vision obscureThe islands will silently crawl(silently crawl)Into the unknownSleep my childSail the seas of neverlandDeep within your soulWayward childMorbid fears are close at hand. Close your eyesThe moment is hereIt's time to face what you fear. Something weird, evil it sensesUnseen but strong is it's presenceDrowning in fear of things to comeTime is short, the threshold is near. Insanity reignsIn dark hidden what's leftReality the outcome is clear(the outcome is clear)They are closing in. Fade away - into the unknown.Fade away - sail the seas of neverland.Fade away - deep within your soul.Fade away - morbid fears are close at hand.
Oh God, I wish the morning cameI still hear themThey're singing in the darkCreation infernal, unholy overture In the shadows of my atticMorpheus, my deadly friendI'm begging thee, please leave me be Oh God, I wish the morning cameI still hear themThe twisted shapes I dreadConsealed yet so present In timeless hours drowned inFear for the sandmanI'm awaiting in the darkI'm giggling and laughingLibretto of the damned In the shadows of my atticMorpheus, my deadly friendI'm begging thee, please leave me beDark shadows Oh God, I wish the morning cameI still hear them>From every angle burning eyesGodless hatredA gathering, grotesque In the shadows of my atticMorpheus, my deadly friendI'm begging thee, please leave me be Beyond my mind, a frightful kindGiggling, squirming, twisting, turningI'm begging thee, please leave me be In the shadows [5x]
There's a place in my heartYou will never seeA cold and lifeless gardenThe graveyard of my soul Black clouds kill the lightA twisted soul's delight Eternal darknessMy secret garden The seasons they might changeBut cold winds blowing stillNursing seeds of hatredThe only thing that spring Black clouds kill the sunThe twisted soul has won Eternal winterMy secret garden A bible black deceiversThe Judas of our timeBlinded eyes can't seeThe twisted soul in me Eternal darknessMy secret gardenEternal winterMy secret gardenEternal darknessMy secret gardenEternal winterMy secret garden
[music: Wead, Marcolin, lyrics: Wead] Silent storm cloudsSlow they came, in God's nameBold and blindedWe're the same, still no shame Is this our fall from grace?Is this our final trace?Is this the end of time?In this eleventh chime One sign too many [2x] The crown of naturePagan fools, pagan rulesA lost creationSeals the womb, seals the tomb Is this our fall from grace?Is this our final trace?Is this the end of time?In this eleventh chimeAre we the last in lineTo read the clearest sign
[music: Argento, Wead, Marcolin, lyrics: Wead] From my black tongue, words of scornOut of darkness, my ways were born I can still fear their presenceThe thoughts within my mindFrail dreams of wayward essenceA deal that's yet unsignedSo mean, unclean and godlessThe roots I'm scared to findTheir needs are often heartlessLike truth that's long declined Strange and vain are the feelingsAs my mind can flow freeThese unpleasant revealingsCan they really be me? From my black tongue, words of scornOut of darkness, my ways were born My thoughts will pull me underLife spinning round and roundWhere will it stop, I wonderNo trace of solid groundLike seconds into hoursMy days are passing byI'll climb an endless towerAs life's an endless lie Strange and vain are the feelingsAs my mind can flow freeThese unpleasant revealingsCan they really be me?
[instrumental]
A simple boy of common strainA low-bred without classSoil his name and apir at himJust launch and turn awayA little boy who's lost his prideA little boy who's dignity died No fairy tales can cheer him upAs life just fed him liesNo summer sun can bring him  warmthNor light to wilted eyesHe is a puppet upon a stringHe will dance if you will sing Painful yearningIn the beggar's waltzRelentless turningIn the beggar's waltzPainful yearningIn the beggar's waltzRelentless turningIn the beggar's waltz
I stand alone on this cold, stormy shorelineNo one can tell the secrets in keepOut from the seeming realRise silent scryTrying to find nothing but peace. Marching onThe caravan of soulsThey're marching on;The caravan of souls. Soul's caravanSeems to walk upon waterShapeless in makeBeyond descriptions reachFriends taking youWhat is this that I feelJoy and relief, I'm eagar to join. I'm not alone on this cold, drowning shorelineAlive without end; far from my domineI can't believe my eyes as I turn around,Leaving behind the footprints in the sand. Marching in the caravan of souls.It's the breath taking youIt's the caravan of souls.
Life's a painful strideShameful tears I'll hideStep by step a limping gaitMile after mile a faithless state Stumbling on through thick and thinThrough the shadows and withinThe longest race can not be wonThe loser's trail I walk upon I'm a wayward childPure but yet defiledDay by day a friendless ageYea rafter year an ageless race Stumbling on through thick and thinThrough the shadows and withinThe longest race can not be wonThe loser's trail I walk upon Stumbling on through thick and thinThrough the shadows and withinThe longest race can not be wonThe loser's trail I walk uponStumbling on through thick and thinThrough the shadows and withinThe longest race can not be wonThe loser's trail I walk upon
They sat beneath the moon-lit sky about the night...appeared, then vanished; wrapped in the woolskin from chill andThe ones whose proudest lost thier will to live. What on Earth, make these for your...Struggling onward through the freezing wind.A time of storm swept meansAwoke their hearts of inherited hatredSo for evermore these words of oldIts meaning would soon unfoldTrapped in that winter world of waiting. Of what were the questions?What were they waiting for?This... at the monolith. The mystic days of doomForetold in talesAs hammered by some runesFrom father to sonForfathers were in tuneAt the gallows gateEnchanted by the moonAnd a thousand questionsAbout the monolith's make Eternal moments, endless...Its... were seldom spokenTherefore the oath was never broken. At the first sight of peoples he's gone...Its meaning,... into the air/earthFrom father to son.
Lost in labyrinthsTrapped on threshold to realityAn invisible twinA shortcut to insanity The loyal best friend that I dreamed upTook advantage of my vastness of weak spotsI had no nobody and neither did heSo I let him share my body - weird ideaDethroned it's master wore a cloth of confusionThis disembodied body thing has grown out of propotionWe've come too far to stop now, I got everything to gainAnd some say insane is sane.
[Instrumental]
[Instrumental]
I fear the shadows upon the wallReaching for me, they touch my soulI hear their voices shisper in the windOppressing my mind, make me lose control. Black blood runs through my heartThe stream of hatred, the never-ending tideBlack blood runs through my heartThe seeds of hatred grow so deep inside. Falling apart, this can't be trueStill there is time, I'm telling youFalling apart, embraced by hateGo while you can, it's not too late. Their voices are calling out my nameStrong is the urge, too much to tameInviting me to share my mindLeave all my senses way behind. I hear their singing thier symphonyA blaphemous concerto out of keyI will join their choir, I will sing the leadThough my soul is dying and my heart will bleed.
[music: Argento, Marcolin, lyrics: Wead] I bid my last wits a sad goodbyeSundown is closing inThere are secrets the dreamland keepMore than meets the eye Eyes deceiving false conceivingThoughts misleading fear's exceeding It is the things you seeAnd the things you don'tIt is the things you hearAnd the things you won't Dancing shadows upon my wallNightmares closing inThey have won if I fall asleepThen I'm surely lost The walls are bleeding, painful breathingThe night's impending, a fright unending It is the things you seeAnd the things you don'tIt is the things you hearAnd the things you won't The walls are bleeding, painful breathingThe night's impending, a fright unending It is the things you seeAnd the things you don'tIt is the things you hearAnd the things you won'tThe things you seeThe things you seeThe things you seeThe things you see
I've sailed on crimson seasI've wondered endless planesI've seen beyond the starsI'm there but still I'm here Free your imaginationAnd all secrets withinUse your imaginationAnd you'll travel within I've chased the rainbow's endI've touched it's hidden goldI've tasted the serpent's kissIt's sour but still so sweet Free your imaginationAnd all secrets withinUse your imaginationAnd you'll travel within Open up your mindTo see what lies withinClose your eyes and flyOur journey will begin You fly above the cloudsYou grace an angel's wingYou fly like Peter PanLike a bird but still a man Free your imaginationAnd all secrets withinUse your imaginationAnd you'll travel withinFree your imaginationAnd all secrets withinUse your imaginationAnd you'll travel withinFree your imaginationAnd all secrets withinUse your imaginationAnd you'll travel withinFree your imaginationAnd all secrets withinUse your imaginationAnd you'll travel within[repeat and fade]
[music: Argento, Wead, lyrics: Wead] Come rain, come shine, no lie of mine Eternal dark is my shrineThe sun might shine outside but in my heart death hidesI'll take your hand, end your strideI'll lead you through to the other side Into a world so oldInto a world so coldUnder a blackened skyThis is a world foretoldI belong here Under my blackened sky there is no sun in sightUnder my blackened sky you belong here Come shine, come rain, true words of mine Let's go my friend, please followWhen you're out of this world, you're way beyond sorrowYour time in life has passed and goneThe race you led it is all but won Into a world so oldInto a world so coldUnder a blackened skyThis is a world foretoldWe belong here Under my blackened sky grasp for the final breathUnder my blackened sky you become death Under my blackened sky [5x]
Do you believe that all is lost,When we close our eyes, to die?The thoughts we thought, the words we spokeTell me - is there a reason why? When all is doneOur moment in time is doneWhen all is doneWhen nothing remains. Do you believe our souls surviveTo live on lucky clouds above?Or do you fear, when our time is up,Something evil awaits below? And you better believe it...I do believe that all is lost when we close our eyes and dieThe songs we sang, the deeds we've doneDon't say - there's no reason why.
